somethings you should know before playing:
("cyberware" are prostetic limbs that were made for war veterens who had lost limbs during the war.
Cyberware has the ability to enhance your body, for an example you could have gorilla fists which give you enhanced power. these items range from power to super speed to double jumping to
xray vision the list goes on. now there are different levels of cyberware ranging from common cyberware which doesnt enhance you very much to military grade cyberware that when 
in the wrong hands could be deadly.)

("Arasaka" Is a mega corp that used the fall of the goverment as a chance to take over and rule over the world.)



story


The story is about you the player arriving in night city trying to start a new life while. Before coming to night city you were a nomad who lived in the desert,
you had double crossed your gang for a piece of military grade cyberware named The Sandevistan which you stole from them. In a last ditch effort to get away from them you decide to go to night city because it is the best place to hide,
considering how large and compact the city is. the trip to night city was not very long considering you lived in the desert around the city.


[1.1]
you arrive at the boarder of night city. Either you show your passport and immidiatley notify arasaka, 

[2.1]
or sneak through the border.

If you choose to show your passport, arasaka agents stop you for questioning which leads to 

[1.2] Do you run or comply
if you run you get gunned down immediatly.

if you comply they put a bag over your head and bring you to a room.

Once you enter the interogation room they inform you that they know you have implanted a military grade piece of cyberware.
They tell you that they would like to run some tests on you because the piece of cyberware you have implanted is usually to strong for a human and would fry their brain. 
they offer you a greencard and a job at arasaka if you comply.

[1.3]
You can now choose to accept or ignore their offer.

if you ignore their offer they put you into a coma and remove the cyberware and execute you.

if you comply they give you a greencard and a job as a lab rat.




[2.2]
you sneak past the border, what a dumb mistake. A drone notices you sneaking by and turns on its alarms. do you stop or activate cyberware.

if you stop you get arrested and sent to prison, you have escaped your gang but you go to prison and lose your cyberware

if you activate cyberware the world goes into slowmotion while u stay at a normal speed. You sprint into night city at super speeds.
this leads to

[3.2]
you end up in night city as a fugitive with no where to go.
There is an issue the piece of cyberware that you implemented is usually to strong for the human body and you need medication or you will start going crazy.
you have the option to go to a ripperdoc to see what your options are, or find a local gang that might want to help you out where in return you work for them.

if you go to the ripperdoc he will give you 2 options
buy medication, but he wont guarantee that it works considering the power of the cyberware.
or sell the cyberware for a good price and be able to get yourself set up in the city.

if you decide to go to the gang
you will explain to them your situation and they will offer you a spot in the gang if you give them the cyberware.


[4.2]
if you go buy the medication you will end up frying your brain because the medication wasnt strong enough.
if you sell the cyberware to him you will receive enough money to get you set up in night city.

if you go to the gang you have the option of
declining the offer where you wil be killed so they can take the cyberware.
if you accept the offer they remove the cyberware from you and you become a member of the gang.






